excuse me Bruce yeah give a few minutes
to go over something sure come on in
davit have a seat kevin is a really
great employee but he's kind of
high-maintenance and he always wants
FaceTime with me but I'll hear him out
see what he wants to talk about today
all right thanks Bruce I just want to
let you know that we just finished the
centipede bypass projects and we're able
to come in at 25% under budget and we're
ready for a construction start date off
September 1st Wow Kevin that's great
news so you got the Kings to agree to
the right away that we need it for that
project I did you came close to
condemnation on a couple of them but
that letter that you helped me write
that really came in handy
I think I'm gonna definitely use that
letter again next time we have a
difficult landowner well good I'm glad
to hear it all worked out
yeah me too I'm also I was reviewing
some of the tasks for that project and I
realized a lot of those are done by land
specialists yeah that were some pretty
complicated tasks on that project did
you get the land specialist to help you
I did talk to some of them and kind of
leveraged their experience on past
projects but most of the actual
negotiation was done by myself
excellent you did good work on that one
nice job Thanks
I also want to get your input on what
other skills and performance metrics I
would need to actually qualify for that
land specialist position well if I
recall correctly at your last
performance review you received the
rating of an excellent and you only have
one more goal left to achieve which is
to complete your MBA program is that
correct right so I'll be finished with
school in December and assuming that
everything goes according to plan would
you be able to support me for that
position well as long as you keep the
keep up the good work I'd certainly be
inclined to support you
great I was also hoping for a 15 percent
salary increase whoa
15% oh you know I'm not sure if that's
realistic don't get me wrong here Kevin
I think you're doing a great job and I
really
your hard work but I'm really thinking
that more like eight or nine percent
would be a lot more realistic I knew
he's gonna react like that that's why I
asked for more than I could get but now
watch this I'm gonna apply the vise
technique Bruce I really need you to do
better than that
well Kevin can you tell me why you think
15% is appropriate I can do that through
the right-of-way Association I have
several other counterparts in the Four
Corners area that are doing similar
tasks with similar experience to me and
all of them are making at least 15% more
than I am well Kevin please remember
that all pay raises have to be approved
by the salary committee and I'm
confident that when I go to talk to them
I'll be able to get 10 to 11 percent
approved really comfortable with that
and based on the good work that you've
been doing I'm gonna pitch 12 percent to
them and I'm really gonna make a strong
case for it
could you explain the issues and
concerns of the salary committee how
would that affect my position they
consider many things including similar
salaries of other professionals at PNM
they also consider salaries of paid at
other companies for positions like yours
and then lastly another significant
consideration is the overall staffing
needs within the department all right
in that case I'll definitely get you
some details on salaries paid by other
companies in the Four Corners area and
you know as you know there's a lot of
big projects coming up in the next four
to six months there's gonna be a high
demand for that specialist in our
department okay I'll make sure that I
understand those issues and please get
me that information from the other
company in the Four Corners area I think
that'll be very helpful okay I'll do
that right away hey thanks again for
your time and consideration
you're welcome Kevin I'm glad you came
by right to Bruce